# WDI_Power
## World Development Indicators
### The Relationship Between Income and Power

Overview: Understanding the world, the way and why it functions, is foundational to determining international strategy for any company. Data regarding World Development Indicators (WDI), compiled by the World Bank, provides insightful illustrations of the emerging world and their trajectories. While there is an abundance of information available on many subjects, a ubiquitous feature of industrilized society is the confluence of energy production and usage with relative wealth. It is a common assumption that wealthier countries will have greater access to electricity, higher production of electricity, as well as higher consumption of electricity. It is the scope of this Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) to investigate these relationships and others, such as whether or not energy efficiency varies with relative wealth. These insights can inform where and what kind of energy production is warranted throughout the globe. 


High-Level Discussion: Data was initially organized according to each country's Gross National Income (GNI) bracket. The means were derived for each bracket according to identifiers of interest and compared over timelines of available data. Boxplots for the distributions of these performances were generated according to year and these provide good cross-sectional snapshots of acute similarity or difference for the indicator in question. A correlational heatmap for select power generation and consumption indicators was constructed along with the Global National Product (GDP) Purchase Power Parity (PPP) for each country in oder to substantiate the relationship of a nation's relative income to said indicators.
